Add Choreo to PathWeaver replacements (#2800)
wpilibsuite/frc-docs: source/docs/software/pathplanning/pathweaver/index.rst

# PathWeaver

> .. note:: Users may find [Choreo](https://sleipnirgroup.github.io/Choreo/) or [PathPlanner](https://github.com/mjansen4857/pathplanner) more usefu. They both have an inuitive user interface and swerve support. Users should already have access to Choreo as it is shipped with WPILib.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: Users may find [Choreo](https://sleipnirgroup.github.io/Choreo/) or [PathPlanner](https://github.com/mjansen4857/pathplanner) more useful. They both have an intuitive user interface and swerve support. Users should already have access to Choreo as it is shipped with WPILib.
```
